fix(uipath-platform): add span selection guidance and fix feedback e2e test criteria (#749)
UiPath/skills: skills/uipath-platform/references/traces/traces.md

## Related

- [Run Jobs](../orchestrator/run-jobs.md) — `uip or jobs traces` for trace discovery

> - [Trace Feedback](feedback.md) — annotate spans with sentiment; includes span selection guidance for RPA-launched jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Trace Feedback](feedback.md) — annotate spans with sentiment; includes span selection guidance for nested jobs
```

Author: Done — updated to "nested jobs" to cover RPA, Maestro, and parent-agent orchestration layers. Pushed in 401975d4.
